restaurant-school sao paulo
the true project of social inclusion
created in 2004 happens in the dependencies of the municipal
Sao Paulo
and has partnerships and 'special' support from the population
is proof that good projects survive and make a difference
and if it is proven noted care
Looks attention note 10 Actually their acp here treat us very well and
they are
very polite very well prepared
the food is good
the place is very nice
I think they got it right
in this proposal
the state to take off
the state is that every opportunity for boys who may be developing
a profession a very interesting thing and for us users who
come we have always been we are the almost 15
every day here gives us satisfaction of a well made food cleans the
note service 10 recommend
I recommend to all paulistanos
for him all paulistas and brazilians
I think this example of the town hall should be followed in other
cameras should be followed in other environments I think the whole state could
To have all that Brazil could have is an opportunity and I
we
is citizen can eating high community of good quality
I know he knew how to swim.
internal door handles
everything I know today I learned here
It is the craft that in 2004 ends up being useful.
what he has to add gastronomy event
within a month during the visit of the areas
so we can parents know a little bit more
it's very cool
terry has been assembled here in this space is a project of the
assistance and social development
we have partnership with the town hall
with the secretariat of the work with the university anhembi morumbi
is a project that serves 60 young people each semester are young people coming from
families in the city of São Paulo and also that has the ability to
17 to 20 years and who proved the monthly per capita income for me
the schooling will also require I will be ddm is this and in the medium concluded
or high school coursework
all of them and all sectors is an instructor who then guides beyond
part of what they have in the sectors is the Senate 'restaurant they have
alma dora is in the morning the university teachers come
The restaurant is open in the morning and in the afternoon they put the
theory in practice they have the opportunity to pass through all sectors
who are qualified by all of them and at the end of the course they choose
almost so that they identified more and ended up in this
served by the market is not a job that is a market that has dog
and we have 80% of the young people who have finished in the labor market
This is what this is going on in this years after public
of the most demanding patient requirements is pretty cool
the customer is always right and it does not look like he's going to talk
tooth was in the team.
examination of waist navigators he succeeded in this space they like him
the area's revenue
it's a very pleasurable thing because it's a lot of what's good
the ambience is nice affirmed
the value also signifies the transition rule
is nice tchan
it gives also be something that gives us to see in every way and from here
knowing that it is a good project
after taking the lingering here because it's upgraded
It is true that we here in Italy face Egypt - come on we think
I've been halfway to what the breathalyzer test wants to celebrate
marked their learning, the preference is
try
so while he works and he the hospitalization sectors of the kitchen
a confectionery shop
is that the guild will have to take a meal that exactly
It's hard to take a teacher.
it was complicated but
are many details that
sometimes make the 2004 difference in the heart since he frequents it
the debates of my inauguration was the
This is a place I like very often when there are
defect something this most of the time praise very much praise many to
comenda is always good here and I'm suspicious to say that family
really is very good massage done here not everything fresh you see they are
products
assumptions such as
and made with carts that the mother always important her splendor the students
on here
to keep an eye on this kid is here to take him to work
with them the good ones here
Tidy jobs in the city
need more than 100 projects in Brazil
Pine
not only here in são paulo
but they were from the chamber but the legislative assemblies cesare alippi
because even bringing people indoors
and it is a necessary service, do not comment on São Paulo, that the city of
the restaurants'
and to me it's very good
This year we've been committing
talk again about how much time this time is not in the right place and on the way
right
a lot of satire, thank you